TO DO:

BUGS

make player fireball disappear when hitting a wall

weird texture glitch on incline

Weapon sprites going through wall. Other layering issues such as sprites disappearing behind enemy AOE

Weapon switching- if change weapon in the middle of an animation it will get stuck there, look into this k ALSO happens with sheathing

For sorceress, seems like she will sometimes attack but not shoot a fireball

when making a new object for saved item, it creates it in scene as well it seems. Find a way to stop that or destroy it after.

pressing interact twice quickly on a door will make it swing open fast, then shut again. This is actually a cool hidden tech I'd like to
keep, but stop it from closing again after swinging open fast.

Lighting issues, would at minimum like sprites outside of light to not be visible. Could do a programamtic in range type thing but eh

Blocking can be spammed leading to easy parrying. Likely set a cooldown after releasing a block before can block again.

Treasure chest spawns bigger items such as swords in ground. Find some way to deal with this. Idea: have weapons be rotated on their sides

Player knockback needs to be changed in accordance with enemy billboarding changes

enemy sprites no longer turn red before attacking due to shader- have a slightly larger transparent red sprite appear around them instead





BALANCING

EXTENSIONS

Have enemies spawn a sword slash effect etc when attacking

AUDIO

make footsteps tempo play faster if moving faster, rather than pitch- 
Likely do this by having custom sped up audio clips that are roughly attributed to each section of the movement guage when boosting

Sound effect for doors opening

GAMEPLAY

Able to transfer between scenes

Durability repair items

Player death 'animation'

Have the hand of the player on its own be animated, not the the weapon, that way we can add in new weapons by simply making it a child of the hand.


LEVEL

Switch opens door

Switch moves/rotates platform

Platform rotates/moves and stops at intervals

Full tutorial area


NPC

Handle extra dialog boxes and lock camera to NPC when speaking to them.

Player choices (?)

NPC sprites

NPC portrait art (this seems good: https://canonkiller.itch.io/dragonborn-portrait-generator)


INVENTORY

control inventory with controller

Add in ability to pick up armour and spells and select them from inventory


LONG TERM

new weapons + weapon animations

new enemy types

dungeon level

town with NPCs

tutorial area

levelling system

